Whitnail and I! "If I spike you, you would think a brain tumor was a birthday present" - Danny
Pulp Fiction. "- Whos motorcycle is that? - It's not a motorpsycle, it's a chopper baby. - Who's chopper is that? - It's Zeds. - Who's Zed? -Zed's dead baby. Zeds dead" - Bruce Willis 
Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man - "If he's gonna take my woman, I'm gonna take his bike" - Don Johnson
Dead Man. "I guess nobody gets you." (Nobody)
Den Rosa panter! av og med Peter Sellers!!!
U know the good old ploj!
¤ Les Triplettes De Belville
¤ All About Lily Chou Chou
¤ Black Cat White Cat
¤ Tuvalu
¤ The Miracle In Milano
¤ Riget 1 & 2
¤ Festen
Bloody Sunday.
¤ Arizona Dream
¤ Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas
¤ Easy Street
¤ Oh Brother Where Art Thou
Sort katt hvit katt
Underground
What's eating Gilbert Grape?
Minority report
lost in translation 
Zombie Flesheaters
Cannibal Holocaust
Ilsa - She Wolf of the SS
Salo - 1000 days in Sodoma
Shitfun
Kill Bill vol. 1: "Your name is Buck, right? And you're here to fuck, RIGHT?" - Uma Thurman
Thriller - En grym film: "         ."
Den sjette sans "I want to tell you my secret now"
Fight Club, blinkende lykter, gamle menn i sorte biler, kill bill
Løvenes Konge!! Den filmen rocker =) "Fare?! Det bryr jeg meg ikke noe om! Jeg ler når jeg møter fare... Hahahaaa!"
snakk til henne.. nydelig!
boondock saints
Donnie Darko, morsom og skummel
Ghost World
Valmont
Titus
The rise and fall of the roman empire (-64)
Robin Hooood med Cevin Kostner
fiskesuppe karaoke, med fettsmultring
Ikke naken, kanskje ikke fet, men vanvittig søt!
Den Lille Havfruen <3 <3 
Uno! den filmen er bare enorm..
THE GODFATHER!!!
United states of Leland
Marathon Man. Har du ikke tannlegeskrekk fra før så får du det etter denne.
Rain Man
City of Angels
dirty dancing! denne er vært og se!;)
hero fordi den har verdens fineste fatger
the great dictator
modern times
Sliding doors
forest gump! life is like a box of chocolate..you never know what you gonna get!
Braveheart...;) ække no mer å si...

Million dollar baby
love actually
lost in translation
Life of Brian. "I have a vewy good fwiend in Wome named "Biggus Dickus. " –Pontius Pilate. Crucifixion, anyone?
Blade Runner. ”I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I watched C-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhauser gate. All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain. Time to die”.  -Batty
coffee and cigarettes
Så som i Himlen
In America
FUKSSVANSEN!!(STIKKSAGEN PÅ NORSK)

Å være- å ha. En hyllest til livet...
en kärlekshistoria
Den fabelaktige Amelie fra Montmartre
The Big Lebowski: Yeah, well, you know, that's just, like, your opinion, man. 
Og en til: Nobody fucks with the Jesus.
Fra filmen "Blow" m Johnny Depp: 
May the wind always be at your back and the sun always upon your face, and the winds of destiny carry you aloft to dance with the stars..
Nobody put's baby in a corner!
DIRTY DANCING
Being There (Mr. Chance)
napoleon dynamite
Ford Fairlane
